Add doc about Test Runner iframe. (#3073)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/api/commands/window.md

cy.window({ timeout: 10000 }).should('have.property', 'foo')
```

# Notes 

## Cypress uses 2 different windows.

Let's say you want to check the type of the events. You might write code like below:

```js
it('test', (done) => {
  cy.get('#test-input').then((jQueryElement) => {
    let elemHtml = jQueryElement.get(0)

    elemHtml.addEventListener('keydown', (event) => {
      expect(event instanceof KeyboardEvent).to.be.true
      done()
    })
  })

  cy.get('#test-input').type('A')
})
```

It fails. But the interesting thing is that the type of `event` is `KeyboardEvent` when you `console.log(event)`. 

> It's because Cypress Runner uses `iframe` to load the test application. In other words, `KeyboardEvent` used in the the code above and the `KeyboardEvent` class from which `event` variable is constructed are different `KeyboardEvent`s. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's because the Test Runner uses an `iframe` to load the application under test. In other words, the `KeyboardEvent` used in the the code above and the `KeyboardEvent` class from which the `event` variable is constructed are different `KeyboardEvent`s. 
```
